Another very short lecture
on the Block Public Access settings for your buckets.
So when you create a bucket,
you will see these on and off type of setting.
And these settings really basically block
public access for your buckets.
And so it turns out a lot of different processes
that will allow you to make your buckets public.
So this was created in order to prevent company data leaks,
because while companies used to set their buckets as public
and now we have restrictions that if you know
that your bucket should never be public no matter what,
we'll leave these on, and even if you set a bucket policy
that allows your bucket to be public,
it's going to be blocked.
On top of it, you can set this on the bucket level,
but you can also add on the account level
to really make sure that all your buckets
within your accounts can never be made public,
and that is a good enough setting for 99% of the cases.
Alright, that's it.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.